# Business Partner

Overview: During this interview, you’ll meet with a
business partner for your potential role! They will want to
focus on how you communicate and collaborate with
cross-functional teams to achieve a common goal. Look to
discuss things like data, data modeling, data quality,
approach, etc. They will ask scenario questions, and will
want to also learn about prior experience working with
cross-functional teams.

What we’re looking for:\
● Problem Solving: We want to get a sense of how you think through ambiguous problems
working with cross-functional teams. We’re not necessarily looking for the perfect, most
efficient solution immediately, but want to see how you iterate to get there.\
● Communication: Can you explain your thought process and how you arrived at a
solution? Can you receive feedback throughout the interview and course correct? We are
looking for effective communication throughout the duration of the interview, especially
important since not all business partners that you work with will have a technical
background.

Tips:\
● Interactive Interview: Be prepared for a highly interactive session. Asking clarifying
questions and seeking a comprehensive understanding of the problem is crucial.\
● Prepare a Project: Have a project top of mind where you’ve successfully worked with
cross-functional partners (being able to share communication style/cadence,
challenges/blockers you overcame, end result, etc.)

<details>
<summary> Preparation </summary>

</details>
